So we've finished our work flow to see if it actually works.
I'll install a new package and install dash to safe def because it's a development only dependency and
that's the light server S-M implies a very lightweight development server.
Now we can simply start that server by adding a new script here.
I'll name it serve.
Name is up to you and your old simply starred light server.
The name of the package.
But I also need to create a new conflict fall for that server.
It's called B.S. config.
Dolce Yes and will automatically be used by that server.
Here I'll use module exports to export that configuration to server will fetch and I simply want to
configure the server by setting a base directory that will be the dist folder because that is where
all are built artifacts will live in.
And I want to set up some middleware one specific model of where we do add middleware by using Disk
syntax the middle word of one to provide is a specific middleware.
It's called connect history API.
I fall back to an able day's history API routing with just having slashes in the Poth and Dismas execute
like a function where I pass an object where I find the next document will be index HTL so there should
be returned for 0 for error cases.
And I'll add verbose to true.
With that I should be able to run NPM run serve.
Now let's see if that works.
And we see our app that looks pretty good.
No errors here.
I expect for you favorite 45 ikan which you don't have.
Let's now switch to network reload the app and let's see if lazy loading works.
If I click on users that looks good.
We loaded this chunk dynamically and that is our finish application or finished workflow Let's run it
one final time to see if we have to cleanup process run correctly now so that we only have to follow
we need after finishing this process.
But I can always say with that we got a very basic custom set up using wet pig which is able to give
us our development workflow and a production workflow using ahead of time computation too.
So bold prose has finished this folder and all looks OK.
And in the disk folder that also looks great.
So with that let's one final time run and run serve to really be sure that everything works as expected.
Looks good.
So with that I hope you'll learn something.
I hope this is helpful in us setting up your own project if you want to do that from scratch or even
if you don't plan on doing this to better understand what the seal is doing for you.
In a nutshell.